Hello to all call takers. Thank you so so much for your ongoing commitment to our Mutual Aid group - you have done such a fantastic job of taking nearly 800 logged calls (plus probably lots more that were not logged) and have been vital in keeping the group going and allowing us to respond quickly and efficiently to so many requests for help. We really appreciate everything that you have done, and continue to do for our group and for our community. However, as the demand for requests continues to drop, and after over 725 prescription deliveries since Easter, we have decided to scale back our dedicated prescription delivery team in line with the reduced need - with only one or two pickups a day it is no longer necessary to co-ordinate collection from the pharmacies, and some of the prescription admin are finding it harder to spare the time fulfill this role. So our plan going forward is that the group is going to continue to pick up prescriptions for those who have no other help, but on a simpler system: we are no longer managing regular prescriptions (and have worked with the pharmacies to move vulnerable people onto their own delivery rounds) or providing emergency same day pickups (our record from call to delivery was 28 minutes for an inhaler during lockdown!). People will still call the group number to ask for a pick up in the same way they do for shopping requests, and it will be up to us as call takers to allocate a volunteer to do the task in just the same way as we do with shopping requests (and in fact this is what we initially did with prescription requests before the prescription team was formed). We still have a number of the prescription runners who are happy to continue to volunteer will be on the list to be called upon, and I plan to update the script over the weekend to put these people at the top of the list for prescription requests. However, there will no longer be a set rota for regular or emergency prescription runners. This does mean that we will probably no longer be able to fulfill very last minute requests, but we have tended to see far fewer of these over the last couple of months. Needless to say, if the situation goes backwards and the need increases, we will consider reintroducing the prescription system. We hope that you are all OK with this change, and are still happy to continue taking calls for the group. We would also like to hold a group call to discuss this, and any other issues you would like to bring up, on next Monday evening - we realise that it has been quite some time since we got you all together to check how things are going!